RTSP to HLS tutorial (#39)
membraneframework/membrane_tutorials: broadcasting/11_Summary.md

> As you can see converting an RTMP or RTSP stream to HLS might not be the easiest task, however, some understanding of the protocols and the usage of a couple of prefabricated elements in the Membrane Framework make up a rather compact solution, which is open for extension and modification.

Reviewer: Hmm I would split that sentence into two shorter ones :D

Author: yeah :p

> Being one of the most popular media streaming protocols, you will often come across HLS in the media streaming industry, so it's useful to have some understanding of it.

Reviewer: I believe that chapter requires to be slightly refined - I would extend that paragraph which talks about why it is good to know HLS

Author: done

> We hope that you grasped the basic ideas of the RTMP and RTSP protocols and how do converters to HLS created using Membrane Framework look like.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We hope that you grasped the basic ideas of the RTMP and RTSP protocols as well as that you know how to create your 'to HLS' converter with the use of the Membrane Framework.
```

Author: done
